Your first assignment is to use GitHub to submit some autobiographical information about yourself.  Answer the following questions.  Use GitHub to submit the resulting text file.

1. What is your name? 
	Steve Roose

2. Why are you interested in Data Science? 
	Working for Verizon today my current team is responsible for maintaining the wireless network data repository utilizing big data technologies.  
	Through this master's program I hope to gain an outside expert perspective to expand the exploratory, innovation, and research capabilities of 
	overall IT enablement at Verizon.

3. Tell us a little bit about your programming experience.  What programming courses have you taken?  Do you use programming on the job, and if so, how?  
	I started out my career in IT as a programmer/analyst about 25 years ago but the last 15 of them I have been in a management position.  In my 
	current leadership role I only occasionally use SQL to extract data from our enterprise data warehouse but I have a Bachelor of Computer Science
	and over the years have done basic shell scripting, worked with many different relational/NO-SQL databases and programming in various languages
	such as C, COBOL, HTML, JavaScript, PASCAL, and Pearl.  My team currently uses Java based code to access data on Oracle, Teradata and Hadoop.

4. Tell us a little bit about your statistics experience.  What statistics courses have you taken?  Do you use statistics on the job, and if so, how?
	Unfortunately, most all my statistical experience dates back to the days of working toward my minor in Math while in college.  I did for a time
	use the SAS Enterprise Miner to build churn and other product propensity models for Marketing.  That knowledge was based on a few vendor courses 
	completed on how to use the product and related machine learning techniques.  I have also spent some time recently reviewing on-line material 
	and basic intro courses as well as reading O'Reilly's "Think Stats" book.

5. Do you have other experience with R or Python?
	My first opportunity to use R was during the completion of the DS-700 Introduction course this past Summer semester.  I have not previously done
	any programming with Python.

6. What do you hope to learn in this class?
	Looking forward to gaining hands-on experience with programming in R and Python.  The primary role of the team I manage today is to receive, load 
	and ready the data for our analytic team members.  Very interested in learning the power of using Python and how it could be used within Verizon 
	but most important to me is to gain a better understand of how in my role today I can make the data science journey at Verizon one that yields 
	additional customer insights.  As well enhance my ability to advocate how what our team does makes a difference in the overall organizational goals.    

7. Is there anything else you would like to share with us?
	Outside of work I am an avid runner but mostly enjoy spending time with my wife and our three boys.  The boys play basketball, baseball, ride 
	dirt bikes and dabble in different type of water sports at the nearby lake where we now live in Cumming, GA.